the new rodent shelter the second half overcrowded
hello everyone can train more and more people can help line in the woods because
they no longer want to make it really really bad moment
And there are kids usually doing nothing if there is one
be annoying that contador wins and the girls are through
m and
people can't say they don't play it
a large part finished very often utrecht is completely full of dumped animals
turkey never again
First commemorations today in Rotterdam
a sanctuary for animals that is already full before it is officially opened
is
that is going on and right at the brand new rodent shelter
more than a hundred rabbits and guinea pigs are sitting in the shelter
their owners have been dumped
all these animals also a new owner animal protection has only just begun
this special the name animals handle
because more and more rabbits and guinea pigs are out on the street in the woods
found it
so be muted by a perch
people start to bunny too quickly in the pet store
performs
if you don't fall in love with such sweet animals
but there is a lot involved
you have to take care of them daily
they are ten to fifteen years old m you have to be well cared for for a long time and
when you go on vacation you have to
not everyone for years because that is good and that is why it was on ameland
full within a few weeks
and that while we are not even 8 alpinvest and someone in the area
can help a day today she doesn't have a good word for all people
who dump an animal
he has nothing with this
my boots and
delicious
this just finds that says its
there just shouldn't really have to think
a rabbit plague said 10 percent
no
anyone who wants a bunny or guinea pig can soon have childcare
sort out a bit but I don't get you just like that
at the first placement competition
and a little bit out of it yesterday
is that person suitable for my rabbit?
so if you want a rabbit
then we also know for sure and then you can also be the sign of yourself
it will be okay
animal protection hopes that all people who are still searching for an animal
come to the daycare and not go to the pet store it is a bit of luck
find all the bits and new owners and comes in the crowded receive